_projects/AllclaimsPro.md, before:

---
name: Allclaims Pro – AI Microservices Platform
tools: [Python, FastAPI, Docker, GitHub Actions, Prometheus]
image:
description: Building and operating production-grade AI microservices for claims intelligence.
date: 2025-07-01
---
# Allclaims Pro – AI Microservices Platform

I built and operate a production system of AI-powered microservices that assist claims intelligence workflows.

Highlights
- Designed, implemented, and maintained backend APIs and data processing services using FastAPI and Python.
- Built model-serving endpoints with containerized deployments and automated CI/CD.
- Prioritized reliability and performance with structured logging, metrics, and alerting.
- Collaborated with product and domain teams to scope features and translate requirements into robust implementations.

Impact
- Reduced service latency through targeted profiling and optimization.
- Improved observability with actionable dashboards and alerts to shorten time-to-detection.
- Standardized build/release practices across services for faster, safer iteration.

Commit message:

Projects: update Allclaims (RAG + automation impact), ODT (paper + button), SparseGO (drug response); convert plain link to button

_projects/AllclaimsPro.md, after:

---
name: Allclaims Pro – AI Microservices Platform
tools: [Python, FastAPI, Docker, GitHub Actions, Prometheus]
image:
description: Building and operating production-grade AI microservices for claims intelligence.
date: 2025-07-01
---
# Allclaims Pro – AI Microservices Platform

I built and operate a production system of AI-powered microservices that assist claims intelligence workflows.

Highlights
- Built a RAG chatbot leveraging company data to streamline information retrieval for internal users.
- Delivered an AI-driven service that automated a previously manual review process, reducing processing time from ~15 minutes per person to ~2 minutes of compute.
- Designed, implemented, and maintained backend APIs and data processing services.
- Prioritized reliability and performance with structured logging, metrics, and alerting.
- Collaborated with product and domain teams to scope features and translate requirements into robust implementations.

Impact
- Reduced processing time significantly via workflow automation and retrieval-augmented assistance.
- Improved observability with actionable dashboards and alerts to shorten time-to-detection.
- Standardized build/release practices across services for faster, safer iteration.
