---
title: Precision Oncology, a review to assess interpretability in several explainable methods
tags: [Interpretability, XAI, Machine Learning,Drug Response Prediction]
style: fill
color: secondary
comments: true
description: Comparison of different machine learning methods by evaluating interpretability of these methods.
---

The article "Precision Oncology: a review to assess interpretability in several explainable methods" is currently under review.

Abstract: Great efforts have been made to develop Precision Medicine (PM)-based treatments using Machine Learning. In this field, where the goal is to provide the optimal treatment for each patient based on his/her medical history and genomic characteristics, it is not sufficient to make excellent predictions. The challenge is to understand and trust the model's decisions while also being able to easily implement it. However, one of the issues with machine learning algorithms -particularly deep learning- is their lack of interpretability. This review compares six different machine learning methods to provide guidance for defining interpretability by focusing on: Accuracy, Multi-omics Capability, Explainability, and Implementability. Our selection of algorithms includes tree, regression, and kernel based methods, which we selected for their ease of interpretation for the clinician. We also included two novel explainable methods in the comparison. There were no significant differences in accuracy when comparing methods or when using gene expression instead of mutational status as input to those methods. This allowed us to concentrate on the current intriguing challenge: model comprehension, and ease of use. Our comparison suggests that the tree-based methods were the most interpretable of those tested.


{% include elements/button.html link="https://gitlab.com/mgimenoc/interpretable-ai-review" text="View code" %}

{% if page.comments %}
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
    *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
    *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables    */
    /*
    var disqus_config = function () {
    this.page.url = PAGE_URL;  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
    this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    */
    (function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
    var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
    s.src = 'https://katynasada-github-io.disqus.com/embed.js';
    s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
    (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
{% endif %}
