pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
weight: 1
---

# **About Me**

Hi, I'm **{{ site.author.name }}** :wave:

I'm a PhD candidate in Artificial Intelligence for Cancer Research at Tecnun, Universidad de Navarra. I specialize in data analytics, high‑performance computing, and modern machine/deep learning. My work bridges research and real-world impact—designing robust models and systems that aim to improve people's health and quality of life.

Previously, after completing a BSE in Biomedical Engineering, I pursued an MSc in Biomedical Data Analytics, where I strengthened my foundations in bioinformatics and scalable computing. Today, I split my time between advancing research projects and building applied AI solutions.

<div class="row">
{% include about/skills.html title="AI/ML Skills" source=site.data.ai-ml-skills %}
{% include about/skills.html title="Programming Skills" source=site.data.programming-skills %}
{% include about/skills.html title="Other Skills" source=site.data.other-skills %}
</div>

<div class="row">
{% include about/timeline.html %}
</div>

# **CV**
<p>
  You can view my latest CV below. If the embedded preview doesn't load, <a href="/assets/cv.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">open it directly</a>.
</p>
<iframe src="/assets/cv.pdf" width="640" height="480"></iframe>

Commit message:

About: make intro more personal. Projects: add per-project category labels and display them on cards.

pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
weight: 1
---

# **About Me**

Hi, I'm **{{ site.author.name }}** :wave:

I’m a PhD candidate in Artificial Intelligence for Cancer Research at Tecnun, Universidad de Navarra. I work on data analytics, high‑performance computing, and modern machine/deep learning. I care about building things people can actually use—especially when they help patients and teams make clearer decisions.

Before my PhD, I studied Biomedical Engineering (BSE) and completed an MSc in Biomedical Data Analytics, where I focused on bioinformatics and scalable computing.

Day to day, I design and deploy ML models, run analyses, and build data pipelines that scale. I try to make results easy to understand and explain. I split my time between research and applied work, usually with interdisciplinary teams. When a topic grabs my attention, I go deep, take notes, and share what I learn.

<div class="row">
{% include about/skills.html title="AI/ML Skills" source=site.data.ai-ml-skills %}
{% include about/skills.html title="Programming Skills" source=site.data.programming-skills %}
{% include about/skills.html title="Other Skills" source=site.data.other-skills %}
</div>

<div class="row">
{% include about/timeline.html %}
</div>

# **CV**
<p>
  You can view my latest CV below. If the embedded preview doesn't load, <a href="/assets/cv.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">open it directly</a>.
</p>
<iframe src="/assets/cv.pdf" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
